Allow users to specify jackInEnv per replConnectSequences (#1142)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: docs/site/connect-sequences.md

    * `cljAliases`: At Jack-in to a deps.edn project, use these aliases to launch the repl.
    * `cljsLaunchBuilds`: The cljs builds to start/watch at Jack-in/connect.
    * `cljsDefaultBuild`: Which cljs build to attach to at the initial connect.

> * `jackInEnv`: An object with environment variables that will be added to the environment of the Jack-in process. Will overwrite keys set at the global `calva.jackInEnv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `jackInEnv`: An object with environment variables that will be merged with the global `calva.jackInEnv` and then applied to the Jack-in process. The merge is very similar to how Clojure's `merge` works. So for any common keys between the global setting and this one, the ones from this setting will win.
```
